What is AZ copy used for?
cmd line utilizty to Copy blobs or files to or from a storage account

what is azure blob storage used for
Blob (Binary Large Object) Storage is used for storing large amounts of unstructured data like text or binary data

When should I use BLOB storage?
– serve images or documents to a browser
– stream audio or video
– Store fies for  distributed access
– Store data for backup, DR, and archiving.
– write to log files
– Store data for analysis by an on-premises or Azure-hosted service.

What do you need to connect Azure Files from anywhere in the world using a URL?
shared access signature (SAS) token

What is Session persistence also known as?
 session affinity, source IP affinity, or client IP affinity.

What is Session persistences two configurations types?
Client IP (2-tuple)
Client IP and protocol (3-tuple)

What custom domain records types are supported by Entra ID?
TXT and MX

What is LRS for Azure Storage Replication
Locally redundant storage it replicates your storage account 3x within a single data center in the primary region

Locally redundant storage (LRS) copies data 3x within a single physical location in the primary region. 
LRS is least expensive replication option but is not recommended for applications requiring high availability.
L is for low cost for applications requiring high availability.

Zone-redundant storage (ZRS) copies data across 3x Azure availability zones in the primary region. 
Ideal for applications requiring high availability.

Geo-redundant storage (GRS) copies data 3x within a single physical location in the primary region using LRS.
It then copies data a to a single physical location in a secondary region that is hundreds of miles away from the primary region.

Geo-zone-redundant storage (GZRS) copies data across 3x Azure availability zones in the primary region using Zone-redundant storage. 
It then copies data to a single physical location in the secondary region.

 What are Azure regions?
A geographical area in which one or more physical Azure data centers reside.
